[v1.59.3] Triggered Release Notes (#649)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/release-notes/1.59.3.md

---
date: 2022-01-21T21:44:25-07:00
linktitle: "1.59.3"
title: "1.59.3"
kubernetes: "1.20, 1.21, and 1.22"
---

{{<changes>}}

> * Updated [kubectl](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/application/#kubectlversion) patch versions and added kubectl 1.22.x .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the [kubectl](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/application/#kubectlversion) patch versions and added kubectl version 1.22.x .
```

{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}

> * Fixes an issue that caused load balancer services to regenerate, causing downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue that caused the load balancer services to regenerate, resulting in downtime.
```
